Doc: extension of contribution documentation (#445)
AutoResearch/autora: docs/contribute/module.md

# Module Contributions

> Theorist, experimentalists, experiment runners and other novel functionalities are implemented as a "child" packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theorists, experimentalists, experiment runners and other novel functionalities are implemented as "child" packages. 
```

!!! success
    New **synthetic** experiment runners may be submitted as pull requests to the 
    [`autora-synthetic`](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-synthetic/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) package, providing they 
    require no additional dependencies. This is meant to simplify small contributions. 
    However, if your contribution requires additional dependencies, you can submit it as a full package following 
    this guide. 

## Implementing your module

After setting up your repository and linking it to your GitHub account, you can start implementing your module.

### Step 1: Implement Your Code

You may implement your code in the ``init.py`` located in the respective feature folder in ``src/autora``.

Please refer to the following guides on implementing
- [theorists](theorist-module.md)
- [experimentalists](experimentalist-module.md)
- [experiment runners](experiment-runner-module.md)

If the feature you seek to implement does not fit in any of these categories, then 

> you can you can create folders for new categories. If you are unsure how to proceed, you are always welcome 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can create folders for new categories. If you are unsure how to proceed, you are always welcome 
```

to ask for help in the [AutoRA forum](https://github.com/orgs/AutoResearch/discussions/categories/module-contributions).

### Step 2 (Optional): Add Tests

> It is highly encouraged to add unit tests to ensure your code is working as intended. These can be [doctests](https://docs.python.org/3/library/doctest.html) or as test cases in `tests/test_your_contribution_name.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly encouraged to add unit tests to ensure your code is working as intended. These can be [doctests](https://docs.python.org/3/library/doctest.html) or test cases in `tests/test_your_contribution_name.py`.
```

> For example, if you are implementing an experiment sampler, you may rename and modify the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are implementing a sampler experimentalist, you may rename and modify the 
```

``tests/test_experimentalist_sampler_example.py``.

> *Note: Tests are required if you wish that your feature becomes part of the main 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Tests are required for your module to become part of the main 
```

[autora](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora) package. However, regardless of whether you choose to implement tests, 

> you will still be able to install your package separately, in addition to autora.* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will still be able to install your package separately, in addition to `autora`.* 
```

### Step 3 (Optional): Add Documentation

> It is highly encouraged that you add documentation of your package in your `docs/index.md`. You can also add new pages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly encouraged that you add documentation of your package in `docs/index.md`. You can also add new or delete unnecessary pages 
```

> in the `docs` folder. Update the `mkdocs.yml` file to reflect structure of the documentation. For example, you can add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the `docs` folder. However you structure your documentation, be sure that structure is reflected in the `mkdocs.yml` file.
```

> new pages or delete pages that you deleted from the `docs` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You are also encouraged to describe basic usage of your theorist in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are also encouraged to describe basic usage of your module in the 
```

> python notebook ``Basic Usage.ipynb`` in the `docs` folder. Finally you can outline the basic setup of your theorist in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python notebook ``Basic Usage.ipynb`` in the `docs` folder. Finally you can outline the basic setup of your module in 
```

the `docs/quickstart.md` file.

> *Note: Docmentation is required if you wish that your feature becomes part of the main 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Documentation is required for your module to become part of the main 
```

[autora](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora) package. However, regardless of whether you choose to write

> documentation, you will still be able to install your package separately, in addition to autora.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation, you will still be able to install your package separately, in addition to `autora`.*
```

### Step 4: Add Dependencies

> In pyproject.toml add the new dependencies under `dependencies`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `pyproject.toml` file, add the new dependencies under `dependencies`.
```

Install the added dependencies
```shell
pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

## Publishing your module

There are several ways to publish your package, depending on how you set up your repository.

> - If you used the **cookiecutter template**, and uploaded your repository to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you used the **cookiecutter template** and uploaded your repository to 
```

> github.com, then you can use Github Actions to automatically publish your package to PyPI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
github.com, then you can use Github Actions to automatically publish your package to PyPI or Conda. 
```

Reviewer: per comment above, not sure which we want to include discussion of Conda, but if we do, we should be consistent.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is not correct. You can only use GitHub Actions if you use the advanced features in the cookiecutter template.

- If you used the **unguided template**, or you want to manually publish your package, you can follow [step 7 in this guide](https://github.com/AutoResearch/autora-template).

> Once you've published your module on PyPI, you should take some time to celebrate and announce your contribution in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've published your module, you should take some time to celebrate and announce your contribution in the 
```

[AutoRA forum](https://github.com/orgs/AutoResearch/discussions/categories/module-announcements).

> ## Including your module into the autora parent package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Incorporating your module into the `autora` parent package
```

Once your package is working, and you've published it on PyPI, you can **make a pull request** on 
[`autora`](https://github.com/autoresearch/autora) to have it vetted and added to the "parent" package.
The following demonstrates how to add a package published under autora-theorist-example in PyPI in the GitHub 
repository example-contributor/contributor-theorist

!!! success
    In order for your package to be included in the parent package, it must
    - include basic documentation in ``docs/index.md``
    - include a basic python notebook exposing how to use the module in ``docs/Basic Usage.ipynb``
    - include basic tests in ``tests/``

>     - be published on PyPI

Reviewer: i think in this case it makes sense, but just to be sure, limiting our consideration to PyPI?

Author: Great point! should be both conda or PyPI
